c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\BrgyMis2.exe.config
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\BrgyMis2.exe
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\BrgyMis2.pdb
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.Form1.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.exe
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.pdb
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\Transitions.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.dashboardUserControl.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.residentUserControl.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\aa\BrgyMis2.resources.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.Form1.aa.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\aa\BrgyMis2.resources.dll
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.programUserControl.resources
c:\users\adrian\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.addProgramForm.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.addResidentForm.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.addEventForm.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.eventUserControl.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.confirmationBox.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.applicationUserControl.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.officialsUserControl.resources
C:\Users\adrian\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BrgyMis2\BrgyMis2\obj\Debug\BrgyMis2.paymentForm.resources
